initial logging docu (#148)
rico-projects/rico: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/logging/basics.adoc

=== General usage and benefits of the Rico logging concept

Rico logging integrates the Rico context into multiple logging backends.

> This is done by providing wrapping appender which extend MDC with the Rico context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by providing an wrapping appender that extends MDC (Mapped Diagnostics Context) with the Rico context.
```

The extended MDC can be used by any subsequent appender.
This allows making full use of the available open source libraries and their extensions.

Currently appender for https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/[Log4j2] and https://logback.qos.ch/[Logback] are available in Rico.
There is no appender for "java util logging" and "Apache commons logging" as they do not support MDC or a similar feature.

=== Logging to a centralized location

Rico highly encourages logging to a centralized logging facility.
Well known examples of such facilities are https://www.elastic.co/logstash[Logstash],
https://www.elastic.co/what-is/elk-stack[ELK] and https://www.graylog.org/[Greylog].

Sending logs to these facilities can be done in different ways.

> One way is to create a traditional log file hand have a separate process listen to changes in the log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way is to create a traditional log file and have a separate process listen to changes in the log file.
```
